# Sales Summary Application\n\nThis is a simple, single-page web application designed to fetch sales data from a `data.csv` file, calculate the total sales, and display it in a responsive user interface. The application uses HTML, vanilla JavaScript, and Tailwind CSS for styling.\n\n## Features\n\n*   **Data Fetching:** Automatically loads `data.csv` from the same directory.\n*   **Sales Calculation:** Parses the CSV to sum values in the 'sales' column.\n*   **Dynamic Title:** Sets the browser tab title to `Sales Summary [Generated Seed]` with the calculated total.\n*   **Responsive Design:** Utilizes Tailwind CSS for a mobile-first, responsive layout.\n\n## Setup and Usage\n\n1.  **Place Files:** Ensure `index.html` and `data.csv` are in the same directory.\n2.  **Open in Browser:** Simply open `index.html` in your web browser.\n\nThe application will automatically fetch `data.csv`, calculate the total sales, and display it on the page.\n\n### `data.csv` Format\n\nThe `data.csv` file is expected to have a header row, with one of the columns named `sales` (case-insensitive for parsing purposes). Example:\n\n```csv\nproduct,sales,region\nWidget A,120.50,East\nWidget B,80.75,West\nWidget C,200.00,North\n```\n\n## Technologies Used\n\n*   **HTML5:** Structure of the web page.\n*   **Vanilla JavaScript:** Data fetching, CSV parsing, and DOM manipulation.\n*   **Tailwind CSS:** Utility-first CSS framework for styling and responsiveness (via CDN).\n\n## Development\n\nTo make changes:\n\n1.  Edit `index.html`.\n2.  No build steps are required for this simple application. Just save and refresh your browser.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is open-source and available under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.